# 1.	Briefly describe the artifact. What is it? When was it created?
The artifact is the final project from CS 340 Client/Server development. It is a full stack application using MongoDB, Python, and Dash to implement a website construct on localhost that displays data from the database. It was completed in July 2024.
# 2.	Justify the inclusion of the artifact in your ePortfolio. Why did you select this item? What specific components of the artifact showcase your skills and abilities in software development? How was the artifact improved?
I chose this artifact because it is complex enough to be repurposed for this course [CS 499] but not too specific or advanced to be inflexible. The artifact features full stack design principles such as modularity and frontend-backend communication. It showcases my ability to use software packages within a consistent programming language, in this case Python, to produce overall functionality. The design and engineering of the resulting project will be more indicative of my own skill compared to the premade structure given in the CS 340 course. The artifact is improved by refactoring the code out of Jupyter Notebooks, which is better suited for student work and experimentation, and into raw python code which is easier to distribute and handle. It will also feature more adaptable functionality to serve as inspiration for the future.

Specific to Enhancement Two: Data Structure and Algorithms, work was focused on polishing fundamental methods and abstracting the accompanying CRUD script file so it can be used more generally in other situations.

For Enhancement Three: Databases, I added authentication to the MongoDB server to prevent unauthorized access and added some logic to help prevent errors in cases such as the app failing to access a database. I also fleshed out the number of fish data to better demonstrate the working design of the project.
# 3.	Did you meet the course objectives you planned to meet with this enhancement in Module One? Do you have any updates to your outcome-coverage plans?
I have completed all necessary Outcomes so far and have implemented all the functionality I originally intended for the project. Now I will focus on incorporating instructor feedback and final polishing as needed.
# 4.	Reflect on the process of enhancing and modifying the artifact. What did you learn as you were creating it and improving it? What challenges did you face?
7/8/24 - Enhancement took on many stages, starting with extracting the code from Jupyter and getting it to work in the Pycharm IDE. Then the code was refined to remove features no longer needed and prepare to construct new functionality. I had to relearn many nuances of the software involved, particularly Dash and Pandas. I looked through many stack overflow posts and software documents to produce more efficient and effective methods. Now my primary concern is designing a conceptual model for the final version of the website. It has come a long way already and will see many more rounds of html polishing and adjustment.

7/19/24 - Most of the enhancement was performed last week as the basic structure of the new fish website was constructed. So far, there are not many features on the site and thus there are few algorithms to dynamically display content. This should improve as I flesh out more ideas for the artifact. The main data structure I analyzed was the CRUD file as it connects to the MongoDB but was still primarily hard coded. Since this is my project and will only connect to my database, the connection parameters are still directly specified but the data has been moved out of the CRUD file so it can be more abstract. So far the primary limitation is determining how much information the website will present both in terms of number of fish and any other graphics.

7/28/24 - There was little work to do this week as most of the app structure has already been completed. The process of adding authentication to MongoDB was frustrating as the source documentation did little to tell me that the database was running as a Windows service and not directly from the ‘mongod’ command in PowerShell. The database is a conundrum as I just realized that the instructor does not have direct access to it. As a personal project, this MongoDB will not be hosted for external access. This also invalidates the authentication process as the credentials are hard coded due to the lack of a login prompt. These conflicts are hard to resolve as they stem from the context of the school assignment and not the intended purpose of the software.

8/8/24 - To incorporate the demands of this Portfolio, I personally looked into hosting solutions so that the enhanced artifact is usable from this portfolio page. Render.com provides a free tier for hosting the web app which I submit the Dash application to from the very same Github repository. The MongoDB is now also hosted on an Atlas cluster (free tier) which actually required a different authentication setup than what was imposed while working on Enhancement Three. While the process has been enlightening it was also frustrating as SNHU did not provide any instructions for this process and I have proceeded through trial and error.
